Speech Processing Conference.md, before:

Statistics of acceptance rate for the Speech Processing Conference
=====

|           |Location              |Number of submissions|Number of accepted papers|Acceptance rate|
|-----------|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|---------------|
|ICASSP     |                      |                     |                         |               |
|45th – 2020|Barcelona, Spain      |                     |1865                     |               |
|44th – 2019|Brighton, UK          |3815                 |1774                     |0.4650065531   |
|43rd – 2018|Calgary, AB           |2929                 |1406                     |0.4800273131   |
|42nd – 2017|New Orleans, LA       |2518                 |1220                     |0.4845115171   |
|41st – 2016|Shanghai, China       |2682                 |1265                     |0.4716629381   |
|40th – 2015|Brisbane, Queensland  |2322                 |1207                     |0.5198105082   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
|INTERSPEECH|                      |                     |                         |               |
|21st – 2020|Shanghai, China       |                     |                         |               |
|20th – 2019|Graz, Austria         |1855                 |914                      |0.492722372    |
|19th – 2018|Hyderabad, India      |1320                 |749                      |0.5674242424   |
|18th – 2017|Stockholm, Sweden     |1582                 |799                      |0.50505689     |
|17th – 2016|San Francisco, USA    |1541                 |779                      |0.5055158988   |
|16th – 2015|Dresden, Germany      |1458                 |743                      |0.5096021948   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
|SLSP       |                      |                     |                         |               |
|8th – 2020 |Cardiff, UK           |                     |                         |               |
|7th – 2019 |Ljubljana, Slovenia   |48                   |25                       |0.5208333333   |
|6th – 2018 |Mons, Belgium         |40                   |15                       |0.375          |
|5th – 2017 |Le Mans, France       |39                   |21                       |0.5384615385   |
|4th – 2016 |Pilsen, Czech Republic|38                   |11                       |0.2894736842   |
|3rd – 2015 |Budapest, Hungary     |71                   |26                       |0.3661971831   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
|SPECOM     |                      |                     |                         |               |
|22nd – 2020|Petersburg, Russia    |                     |                         |               |
|21st – 2019|Istanbul, Turkey      |86                   |57                       |0.6627906977   |
|20th - 2018|Leipzig, Germany      |132                  |79                       |0.5984848485   |
|19th - 2017|Hatfield, UK          |150                  |80                       |0.5333333333   |
|18th - 2016|Budapest, Hungary     |154                  |85                       |0.5519480519   |
|17th - 2015|Athens, Greece        |104                  |59                       |0.5673076923   |

Commit message:

Update Speech Processing Conference.md

Speech Processing Conference.md, after:

Statistics of acceptance rate for the Speech Processing Conference
=====

### ICASSP (IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing)
|           |Location              |Number of submissions|Number of accepted papers|Acceptance rate|
|-----------|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|---------------|
|45th – 2020|Barcelona, Spain      |                     |1865                     |               |
|44th – 2019|Brighton, UK          |3815                 |1774                     |0.4650065531   |
|43rd – 2018|Calgary, AB           |2929                 |1406                     |0.4800273131   |
|42nd – 2017|New Orleans, LA       |2518                 |1220                     |0.4845115171   |
|41st – 2016|Shanghai, China       |2682                 |1265                     |0.4716629381   |
|40th – 2015|Brisbane, Queensland  |2322                 |1207                     |0.5198105082   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
### INTERSPECH
|           |Location              |Number of submissions|Number of accepted papers|Acceptance rate|
|-----------|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|---------------|
|21st – 2020|Shanghai, China       |                     |                         |               |
|20th – 2019|Graz, Austria         |1855                 |914                      |0.492722372    |
|19th – 2018|Hyderabad, India      |1320                 |749                      |0.5674242424   |
|18th – 2017|Stockholm, Sweden     |1582                 |799                      |0.50505689     |
|17th – 2016|San Francisco, USA    |1541                 |779                      |0.5055158988   |
|16th – 2015|Dresden, Germany      |1458                 |743                      |0.5096021948   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
### SLSP (International Conference on Statistical Language and Speech Processing)
|           |Location              |Number of submissions|Number of accepted papers|Acceptance rate|
|-----------|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|---------------|
|8th – 2020 |Cardiff, UK           |                     |                         |               |
|7th – 2019 |Ljubljana, Slovenia   |48                   |25                       |0.5208333333   |
|6th – 2018 |Mons, Belgium         |40                   |15                       |0.375          |
|5th – 2017 |Le Mans, France       |39                   |21                       |0.5384615385   |
|4th – 2016 |Pilsen, Czech Republic|38                   |11                       |0.2894736842   |
|3rd – 2015 |Budapest, Hungary     |71                   |26                       |0.3661971831   |
|           |                      |                     |                         |               |
### SPECOM (International Conference on Speech and Computer)
|           |Location              |Number of submissions|Number of accepted papers|Acceptance rate|
|-----------|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------|---------------|
|22nd – 2020|Petersburg, Russia    |                     |                         |               |
|21st – 2019|Istanbul, Turkey      |86                   |57                       |0.6627906977   |
|20th - 2018|Leipzig, Germany      |132                  |79                       |0.5984848485   |
|19th - 2017|Hatfield, UK          |150                  |80                       |0.5333333333   |
|18th - 2016|Budapest, Hungary     |154                  |85                       |0.5519480519   |
|17th - 2015|Athens, Greece        |104                  |59                       |0.5673076923   |
